The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
That's an interesting thing that I see today that I find really strange is that
people that are denying evolutionary biology, I mean,
there's decades of research being done.
Why people behave the way they behave, what women are attracted to,
what men are attracted to and what the spectrum is.
And then they say scientist, racist.
Yeah. That's, what's weird. Science is sexist or your science.
It's fascinating to me when people don't want to look at it because it
doesn't support their ideology.
They want to deny all this research deny all these really objective
geniuses that have been studying all this stuff.
And the best minds in the field have come to these conclusions based on just
insurmountable amounts of data.
Yeah. So fine. Patriarchy. Yeah. I have a shirt that says I am the patriarchy.
You know, like, no matter what you throw at me, I'm just going to embrace it.
I'm gonna show you. Yeah. Israel. There is a patriarchy.
There's also a matriarchy.
You need to handle your matriarchy and stop worrying about the patriarchy.
Because if you handled your matriarchy, the patriarchy wouldn't be your problem.
The problem is you don't want to be a woman.
What do you think is a good piece of advice for women on how to be a woman?
A good piece of.
Advice like.
Hotep, Hotep teaches women.
Hotep teaches women. What's a good emotional control, emotional control.
And uh, so, so the number one problem I see with women is, uh,
um, this is a lot here, right? Um, all right, let's go here. Okay.
Women let their friends, they tell their friends, they business. Yes.
Stop that. Stop telling your friends your best stuff.
Like when I have problems with, you know, my girl or, you know, or in the past,
when I had problems with women, I ain't run back. Yo, guess what? Know?
We don't do that.
Yeah. If my friends do that, they better be laughing. Right.
If my friend goes through it,
he's not going to believe with his shake said to me,
if they give me a hard time, but if they go to the new moon,
she wants me to quit my job. Like, Hey, don't do that to me, man.
Put that on me. Yeah.
You know? Um, so, so, so I think women also,
you have to understand that they're,
they're giving this information to a friend who is also single.
When a woman gets in a relationship, she loses a friend, right?
Because now you have less time to spend with your bestie.
So the besties jealous of the relationship.
So whenever you go back and tell her,
she's never going to give you sound advice.
She's always going to take your side. So you have to judge your friends and say,
well, if I'm giving this information to my friend, is he an objective friend?
Or is she a subjective friend? She's going to feed my ego.
And if you can't analyze that on your own,
then you'll never have peace in your relationship.
Because the worst thing to do is here's the problem.
Then relationships built on trust.
So if a man and a woman coming together and you tell all my business to your
friend, where's the trust. Where's our privacy. We have none. Right?
We have none. We don't have a relationship.
You have a relationship with your friend. So go be with your friend.
I don't got time to be, you know, I, something happens in my personal life.
I'm going to go tell this strange girl what happened in my personal life.
Something I told you that was private to relate it to something else that could
be happening in our relationship. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Yeah. But I think we have different instincts.
Women have the instinct to gossip. They love it. It's just,
it comes from that hunter gatherer culture, where back in the day,
that's what happened.
The men would go out and try to hunt the food and the women would stay home and
they would talk. Yeah.
Absolutely. Yeah. Again, discipline yourself, women. Yeah. Ladies,
another thing, get a hobby. Healthy. One. Women don't have hobbies.
Their hobbies are all consumers.
So Amazon don't have hobbies. All of them, not, not all. Oh,
I know women with hobbies, all.
Of them.
But.
You know, in my book I say, you know, say all, cause it gets to people going,
um, get some upset. Yeah. It gets people going. Cause they always go, oh no,
it's some, it's like, I know it's some Jamara, you know what I'm saying?
But I say all just to get people going, but majority women don't have hobbies,
you know, do something that is, uh, cause they're inundated with advertising,
you know, their, their hobbies become consumerism and oh, oh you know,
retail therapy or, you know, I do makeup for fun. No,
you don't do makeup for fun. That's not what you do. That's not a hobby.
Makeup's not a hobby. I'm sorry, ladies.
A hobby is something that develops your, your individual person,
something that makes you better.
Some kind of a discipline, right.
Some way to express yourself. So.
Physical thing that you.
Do. Yeah. Like, so like one of my hobbies is chess. Right. That helps me focus.
When I, when I see that my attention span is getting short.
Cause I spent too much time on social media.
I go to chess and I'll spend time on chess to bring that back to reality.
You play.
Physical chest or do you play online? Uh.
Online. Yeah, I can do OTB but you know, I do most of the TB, uh.
Over the board. Oh.
What's that? That means physical.
Oh, that's how the, that's what you call it. Yeah. Yeah. Do you do speed? Chess?
We, you hit the timer. Do you do regular chess?
All on. I do speeches. I do a five minute games. That's impressive.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's, it's a whole nother one.
Scared of chess. I've always been scared of chess.
I have an obsession with games, real problems and chess is, uh,
it's one of I've played it a little bit. Yeah. But I'm like,
this could take over my life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, um, uh,
if I'm not careful I'll be sleeping and, and playing chess.
Oh yeah. You know, like sometimes I'll be chilling.
Like we'll be having a conversation and I'll space out and be doing chest
problems in my head. Uh, so that happens sometimes, you know, a lot,
especially on days that I play a lot of chess.
I remember Howard stern was really getting a chest and he was taking private
lessons. He was talking about all the time and I think he found the same thing.
Do you remember that? I think he found the same thing.
I think he just got too obsessed with and was like, I can't do this anymore.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, one of my life goals is to be a chess master one day. Yeah. Yeah.
And when you say chess master, what do you have to do to be a.
Master? Okay. So you have national master,
then you have a international master and then you have a game master or
the GM. I forget what it's called a national master.
You have to participate in. I believe one of the, tournament's one of the, uh,
I forget the Federation. Um,
but you have to enter one of these tournaments and you have to place a certain,
uh, you know, I think it's maybe top two or top three at a certain tournament.
Don't quote me on this stuff, but you have to go through the tournament.
And I think in order to become international,
you have to first become national master and the national match,
you can go be international if I'm not mistaken. And then, you know, GM.
Do you ever see the video of Eddie Fisher or Bobby Fischer when
Bobby Fisher was walking down this row of chess games and he was playing like
10 different games simultaneously? Yeah.
Yeah. Um, uh, the, the, the, the champ now, uh,
Carlson does something similar, uh, where Carlson will, uh, play,
you know, several people or help play without a board that always interested me.
People do that. This dude I knew who went to prison,
was playing pool holidays, play out in white Plains, executive billiards.
And this kid was a chess master. It's like a 16 year old. I don't know,
master muse, chess genius. Right. 16 year old kid. Um,
and he was playing with this dude who was like in his forties,
who had been in prison. He learned how to play chess with no board in prison.
So they was just sitting across from each other, talking, saying the moves.
And then they would both like recognize where the pieces were on the board.
Really interesting.
Yeah. I mean that,
that level of visualization is where humanity has to take itself.
You know, that's why I say chess is great because it allows you to visualize.
And in order to manifest your desires in this world,
you have to be able to visualize what you want. The more you can focus,
the more you can visualize the better your mind is I believe because our life
is based upon visualization. You see what I'm saying? Um,
uh, women need to get back to that to.
Visualizing goals. I think.
Women are, are very spiritual. So, uh, in Africa it is this,
uh, oh man, I'm slipping on my studies. I studied this a long time ago, but,
uh, the man is, uh,
holding the child and the woman is pointing up to the sky. Right. And it's like,
the man is like that earthly thing.
Like we handled things in a physical and the woman's sorta like that into
intuitive being women have to get back to being that intuitive
being, because if you notice our women always seem to warn us about stuff,
right? Like, oh, don't do this. I'm like,
I should've listened to her at that time. You know what I'm saying?
They have to get back to their spiritual nature.
And I think a lot of them get away from that.
And that will ground them to when they won't need so much emotional support from
friends and family, because they're back in their spiritual nature. Well,
how does a woman do that? You can start with meditating, you know, meditate and,
um, being happy, which is being alone with yourself. Um,
a lot of people can't be alone with themselves. Yeah. You know,
they always need like some sort of device or something.
Interesting that it's attractive when people are capable of being alone. Yeah.
Like I remember these two girls were talking about some God that one of them was
dating and she goes, yeah, he's really into his career, which is a huge turn on.
I was like, oh, that's interesting. Yeah. He just needs time. He's disciplined.
He works all the time. He's always working on his career,
which is a huge turn on. I was like, well, you two little Cluckers.
Well, women have to get back to that too. Like,
y'all gotta learn how to pick a good man.
Sometimes yell at picking crap men based upon the money or things that they
have.
You're going in relation to your funding is a hundred thousand dollars in debt.
And he's a dude. Right? He's got these things.
I think women have to get better at seeing potential in men.
But don't,
they have to be tricked a few times before they could see the problems. Yeah.
That's the problem. That's.
A dirty thing for a girl. Let some loser, you and go, God it.
Yeah. Yeah. I had them thought I had a winner.
Yeah. I mean, I I've been a victim of that. I was not a victim, but you know,
I've done that to women myself. Sorry, ladies, you know?
Yeah, yeah. I'd done some wrong stuff.
Well, it'd become a different person as time goes on. Yeah. You.
Grow from it. Part.
Of evolution of human. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. I, I think, uh, society's expectations on women are, um,
it's very difficult for a man to understand it. You know,
we see it from the outside, but to feel it as a woman,
that's got to be very different. I mean,
and there's a lot of women out there that are looking for a man,
like a successful man.
They're looking for a successful man and they want attach themselves.
And that's like, that's the goal. Yeah. There's not, that's not a goal of men.
So it's, it's very difficult for us to understand that our goal for, you know,
obviously we're generalizing, right. But our goal is to be successful.
Right? Well, you can't, you can't know what man you want,
unless you know who you are.
And a lot of people are getting in relationships without being in relationship
with themselves first. So when, um, you know,
in order to have a sound relationship,
you have to know your socioeconomic stance
is sad. When you get into a relationship with a conservative and you're liberal.
And then I start arguing about Donald Trump and the relationship breaks because
he's on one side, these are the conversations that you need to have upfront.
And if you don't know where you are politically and socioeconomically,
for example, they say a lot of relationships break up because of money. Right?
And you got one person's a bad spender. The other one's thrifty, right?
These are the conversations you can have first. How do you manage your money?
No. Are you good with your money? You know,
and if you guys don't agree with how you want to pull your resources and how you
want to pull your money and what you want to do with it in the future, you know,
some people, you know, you might get in relationship with a girl and she's like,
oh, I want to push. And I want a land Rover. And I'm like,
I want a business. I want a VC. You know what I mean?
So you have two people that are going separate directions.
One's going as consumer route, one's going into pending, you know,
producer route. So you have to first see, are you a consumer?
Maybe you need to be a con, what a consumer are you a producer?
You don't need to be what to consume, what you need to find someone as producer.
So if you, if you agree on social economics,
you'll have a better relationship with people,
but you have to know what you want out of life first.
And then find people connect to based upon that and not the physical looks and
all that other stuff.
Most people think they want something because it's very difficult to attain.
They see these things and they go, oh, that's the tr that's the prize. Yeah.
Well, you know,